matplotlib==3.9.4
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
numpy==1.24.4
pandas==2.2.3
PyYAML==6.0.2
scipy==1.13.1
markdown-it-py            3.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
markupsafe                3.0.2           py312h998013c_1    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.10.1          py312h1f38498_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.10.1          py312hdbc7e53_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.7              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
nbclient                  0.10.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbconvert-core            7.16.6             pyh29332c3_0    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.10.4             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
nbsphinx                  0.9.7                    pypi_0    pypi
ncurses                   6.5                  h5e97a16_3    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
networkx                  3.4.2              pyh267e887_2    conda-forge
nlohmann_json             3.12.0               ha1acc90_0    conda-forge
nomkl                     1.0                  h5ca1d4c_0    conda-forge
notebook                  7.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
notebook-shim             0.2.4              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
numpy                     2.2.5           py312h7c1f314_0    conda-forge
packaging                 25.0               pyh29332c3_1    conda-forge
pandas                    2.2.3           py312hcb1e3ce_3    conda-forge
pandocfilters             1.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pip                       25.1               pyh8b19718_0    conda-forge
pyaml                     25.1.0                   pypi_0    pypi
pyparsing                 3.2.3              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha55dd90_7    conda-forge
pytensor                  2.30.3          py312h1d0a035_0    conda-forge
pytensor-base             2.30.3          np20py312h7ca56ae_0    conda-forge
python                    3.12.10         hc22306f_0_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.9.0.post0        pyhff2d567_1    conda-forge
python-fastjsonschema     2.21.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-graphviz           0.20.3             pyh91182bf_2    conda-forge
python-json-logger        2.0.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-tzdata             2025.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-utils              3.9.1              pyhff2d567_1    conda-forge
python_abi                3.12                    7_cp312    conda-forge
pytorch                   2.6.0           cpu_generic_py312_heeb16a7_2    conda-forge
pytz                      2025.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0.2           py312h998013c_2    conda-forge
scipy                     1.15.2          py312h99a188d_0    conda-forge
seaborn                   0.13.2               hd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
seaborn-base              0.13.2             pyhd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
setuptools                80.1.0             pyhff2d567_0    conda-forge
sphinx                    8.1.3                    pypi_0    pypi
sphinx-autobuild          2024.10.3                pypi_0    pypi
sphinx-rtd-theme          3.0.2                    pypi_0    pypi
sphinxcontrib-applehelp   2.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-devhelp     2.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp    2.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-jquery      4.1                      pypi_0    pypi
sphinxcontrib-jsmath      1.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-qthelp      2.0.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml 1.1.10             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
types-python-dateutil     2.9.0.20241206     pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing-extensions         4.13.2               h0e9735f_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.13.2             pyh29332c3_0    conda-forge
typing_utils              0.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.13             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
webcolors                 24.11.1            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
webencodings              0.5.1              pyhd8ed1ab_3    conda-forge
websocket-client          1.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
websockets                15.0.1                   pypi_0    pypi
wheel                     0.45.1             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h3422bc3_2    conda-forge

